README.md, before:

# rddl-2-plmnt-service
This service receives `GET requests` on `http(s)://localhost:8080/receiveaddress/<planetmint address>` and responds with a JSON object containing 
```json
{
    "liquid-address": "tlq1qq283mk7aav756sez29x4wgqdwnu69cae5uf3fmljamtm6xds5ltt80tdadcex9qst0jxljupme67jx5lqmydu74qksjjzkrrm", "planetmint-beneficiary": "plmnt1atfrnm80xyg86s85xp0av2ukap8n4ap7pevptm" 
}
```

Where the `beneficiary` is the receiving address on Planetmint, `liquid-tx-hash` is the liquid tx that transferred RDDL token to the `rddl2plmnt` wallet, `descriptor` is the function that derives the sending address of the liquid tx and the signature is signed with the private key that sent the liquid tx.


**Curl example:**
```
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"conversion": {"beneficiary": "plmnt1w5dww335zhh98pzv783hqre355ck3u4w4hjxcx","liquid-tx-hash": "b356413f906468a3220f403c350d01a5880dbd1417f3ff294a4a2ff62faf0839","descriptor": "wpkh([6a00c946/0'/0'/501']02e24c96e967524fb2ad3b3e3c29c275e05934b12f420b7871443143d05ffe11c8)#8ktzldqn"},"signature": "ICucxAHOsf1kanl9UAjxMXemLmnP0deHWwyqdav68e8XCknJeaNBPFl9t7h52Ny1/XNgiQFu8XzrGLM8qahSy38="}' localhost:8080/mint
```

## Execution
The service can be executed via the following go command without having it previously built:
```
go run cmd/rddl-2-plmnt-service/main.go
```

## Configuration
The service needs to be configured via the ```./app.toml``` file or environment variables. The defaults are
```
planetmint-address = "plmnt15xuq0yfxtd70l7jzr5hg722sxzcqqdcr8ptpl5"
planetmint-chain-id = "planetmint-testnet-1"
rpc-host = "planetmint-go-testnet-3.rddl.io:18884"
rpc-user = "user"
rpc-pass = "password"
planetmint-rpc-host = "127.0.0.1:9090"
service-port = 8080
service-bind = "localhost"
accepted-asset = "7add40beb27df701e02ee85089c5bc0021bc813823fedb5f1dcb5debda7f3da9"
wallet = "rddl2plmnt"
confirmations = 10
```

The defaults can be found at ```./config/config.go```.

**Important:** The `planetmint-address` needs to be the `MintAddress` configured on Planetmint in order to pass the `AnteHandler` check.

Commit message:

added more elaborate readme and removed some obsolete stuff (#39)
* added more elaborate readme and removed some obsolete stuff
* added sequence diagram

---------

Signed-off-by: Jürgen Eckel <juergen@riddleandcode.com>

README.md, after:

# rddl-2-plmnt-service
This service receives `GET requests` on `http(s)://localhost:8080/receiveaddress/<planetmint address>` and responds with a JSON object containing a `liquid-address` and the `planetmint-beneficiary` (the planetmint address of the input)
```json
{
    "liquid-address": "tlq1qq283mk7aav756sez29x4wgqdwnu69cae5uf3fmljamtm6xds5ltt80tdadcex9qst0jxljupme67jx5lqmydu74qksjjzkrrm", "planetmint-beneficiary": "plmnt1atfrnm80xyg86s85xp0av2ukap8n4ap7pevptm" 
}
```

Where the `beneficiary` is the receiving address on Planetmint, `liquid-address` is a receive address on Liquid being monitored for the next 12 hours. The incoming amount of RDDL tokens will be converted into PLMNT tokens that are minted and released to the `planetmint-beneficiary' address.

## Mechanics

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant MachineOperator
    participant Wallet 
    participant r2p-Service
    participant Service-Wallet
    participant Planetmint
    MachineOperator->>r2p-Service: GET /receiveaddress/<plmntaddress>
    r2p-Service->>Service-Wallet: get receive address
    Service-Wallet->>r2p-Service: receive address
    r2p-Service->>r2p-Service: register receive address for monitoring
    r2p-Service->>MachineOperator: return liquid address
    loop Check for incoming transactions
        r2p-Service->>Service-Wallet: ListReceivedByAddress for all registered addresses
        Service-Wallet->>r2p-Service: all transactions
        r2p-Service->>r2p-Service: compute conversion (RDDL -> PLMNT)
        r2p-Service->>Planetmint: send PLMNT mint request for the computed amount of PLMNT
        r2p-Service->>r2p-Service: define receive address as DONE
    end
    loop Cleanup - every 2h
        r2p-Service->>r2p-Service: removed all registered receive addresses older than 12h
    end
```


## Execution
The service can be executed via the following go command without having it previously built:
```
go run cmd/rddl-2-plmnt-service/main.go
```

## Configuration
The service needs to be configured via the ```./app.toml``` file or environment variables. The defaults are
```
planetmint-address = "plmnt15xuq0yfxtd70l7jzr5hg722sxzcqqdcr8ptpl5"
planetmint-chain-id = "planetmint-testnet-1"
rpc-host = "planetmint-go-testnet-3.rddl.io:18884"
rpc-user = "user"
rpc-pass = "password"
planetmint-rpc-host = "127.0.0.1:9090"
service-port = 8080
service-bind = "localhost"
accepted-asset = "7add40beb27df701e02ee85089c5bc0021bc813823fedb5f1dcb5debda7f3da9"
wallet = "rddl2plmnt"
confirmations = 10
```

The defaults can be found at ```./config/config.go```.

**Important:** The `planetmint-address` needs to be the `MintAddress` configured on Planetmint in order to pass the `AnteHandler` check.
